MaxiYatzy is a dice game for 1-10 players. In this variant there are
six dice to throw. The goal of the game is to gain the most points.

Game progresses with players taking turns. On turn, a player has
a number of dice throws at their disposal. If the player has
throws left, they can either throw dice or score points.
Unused throws will be spared for the next round. At the start
of their turn player is given 3 throws, which will be combined
with spared throws from previous rounds, if any. If the player
has thrown dice and intends to make a new throw, they can
leave any number of dice unthrown, keeping their number.
Dice left unthrown at a previous throw can be thrown on
subsequent throws. At the beginning of their turn, if
the player intends to throw any dice, all dice must be
thrown.

Scoring is determined by a scoring table, which gives points
for combinations of the dice values. When scoring, the player
can choose which combination they want scored. For example, if 
they have three sixes in their dice, they can score it in 
either triplets or pairs, each of which will score them points.
They can also score a combination they don't have for zero points.
In the previous example, if the player doesn't have a fourth six,
they can nevertheless score quartet for no points. Combinations
which have been scored can not be scored again. The game ends
when every player has scored all their combinations, either with
points or zeros. No throw is mandatory at the beginning of a turn:
a player may score any combination for zeros and spare the three
throws given for future turns.

The scoring table has a special section, where there is a score
for any number of each of the faces of the dice, from one to six. 
For example, a throw with three two's can be scored for six points
in this section. If a player gathers a total of 84 points in this section,
averaging at having four of the corresponding dice at each combination,
they will receive 40 extra points. As a result, points in this section
will be shown as difference from points for four of the kind. With three
times two set into this section, the shown score would thus be
3 x 2 - 4 x 2 = -2.
